Update AWS secrets manager setup (#1225)
astronomer/docs: astro/secrets-backend.md

- A [Deployment](create-deployment.md).
- The [Astro CLI](cli/overview.md).
- An [Astro project](create-project.md).
- An [Astro project](create-project.md) with version 5.1.0+ of `apache-airflow-providers-amazon`. See [Add Python and OS-level packages](develop-projec.mdt#add-python-and-os-level-packages).

> - An IAM role with [access to Paramter Store](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/latest/userguide/sysman-paramstore-access.html) that your Astro cluster can assume. See [AWS IAM roles](connect-external-services.md#aws-iam-roles).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An IAM role with [access to Parameter Store](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/latest/userguide/sysman-paramstore-access.html) that your Astro cluster can assume. See [AWS IAM roles](connect-external-services.md#aws-iam-roles).
```

Can we please have spellcheck in CI :pleading_face:

ENV AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID="<your-aws-key>"
ENV AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY="<your-aws-secret-key>"
ENV AWS_DEFAULT_REGION="<your-aws-region>"
ENV AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND=airflow.providers.amazon.aws.secrets.systems_manager.SystemsManagerParameterStoreBackend
ENV AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND_KWARGS={"connections_prefix": "/airflow/connections", "variables_prefix": "/airflow/variables"}
```

In the next step, you'll test that this configuration is valid locally.

:::warning

If you want to deploy your project to a hosted Git repository before deploying to Astro, be sure to save `<your-aws-key>` and `<your-aws-secret-key>` in a secure manner. When you deploy to Astro, use the Cloud UI to set these values as secrets.

:::

:::tip

If you'd like to reference an AWS profile, you can also add the `profile` param to `ENV AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND_KWARGS`.

To further customize the integration between Airflow and AWS SSM Parameter Store, reference Airflow documentation with the [full list of available kwargs](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow-providers-amazon/stable/_api/airflow/providers/amazon/aws/secrets/systems_manager/index.html).

:::

> #### Step 3: Run an example DAG to test AWS Parameter Store locally

Reviewer: @ReadytoRocc you don't want the test anymore?

Author: When we spoke about this over zoom, Rocco mentioned that the new setup (core config in Dockerfile, Astro env vars for IAM role) doesn't work locally, but he also said that shouldn't matter because most organizations are likely to not allow local access to their secrets backends anyways.

If they want to test the backend, they can deploy to Astro and use an IAM role that's compliant with dev/ testing. Should we be more explicit about that?

Reviewer: That makes sense! I don't think we provide instructions for testing on other changes, so I am happy to close this.

>     AF_PS_REGION=<your-role-arn>

Reviewer: @ReadytoRocc what does the variable name mean? Can we choose something more intuitive like `SECRETS_MANAGER_ROLE` and `SECRETS_MANAGER_REGION`?

- A [Deployment](create-deployment.md).
- The [Astro CLI](cli/overview.md).
- An [Astro project](create-project.md).

> - An [Astro project](create-project.md) with version 5.1.0+ of `apache-airflow-providers-amazon`. See [Add Python and OS-level packages](develop-projec.mdt#add-python-and-os-level-packages).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- An [Astro project](create-project.md) with `apache-airflow-providers-amazon` version 5.1.0 or later. See [Add Python and OS-level packages](develop-projec.mdt#add-python-and-os-level-packages).
```

> - An IAM role with [access to Paramter Store](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/latest/userguide/sysman-paramstore-access.html) that your Astro cluster can assume. See [AWS IAM roles](connect-external-services.md#aws-iam-roles).

Author: @ReadytoRocc I know you said to emphasize the need to approve this role's access to Astro in the prerequisite, but I don't think we need to do that quite yet because it's part of the core set up in the linked documentation. If customers are still stumbling over this, we can update it accordingly later.

> - An IAM role with [access to Paramter Store](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/latest/userguide/sysman-paramstore-access.html) that your Astro cluster can assume. See [AWS IAM roles](connect-external-services.md#aws-iam-roles).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- An IAM role with access to the [Paramter Store](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/latest/userguide/sysman-paramstore-access.html) that your Astro cluster can assume. See [AWS IAM roles](connect-external-services.md#aws-iam-roles).
```

#### Step 1: Create Airflow secrets directories in Parameter Store

> To start, create directories for Airflow variables and connections in Parameter Store that you want to store as a secret.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To start, create directories for Airflow variables and connections in Parameter Store that you want to store as secrets.
```

> Based on this setup, variables and connections should live at `/airflow/variables` and `/airflow/connections`, respectively. For example, if you're setting a secret variable with the key `my_secret`, it should exist at `/airflow/connections/my_secret`. If you modify these directory paths, be sure to change the values for `variables_prefix` and `connections_prefix` in the next step.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Variables and connections should should be stored in `/airflow/variables` and `/airflow/connections`, respectively. For example, if you're setting a secret variable with the key `my_secret`, it should be stored in the `/airflow/connections/` directory. If you modify the directory paths, make sure you change the values for `variables_prefix` and `connections_prefix`.
```

> For instructions, see documentation for the [AWS Systems Manager Console](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/latest/userguide/parameter-create-console.html), the [AWS CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/latest/userguide/param-create-cli.html), or [Tools for Windows PowerShell](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/latest/userguide/param-create-ps.html).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For instructions, see the [AWS Systems Manager Console](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/latest/userguide/parameter-create-console.html), the [AWS CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/latest/userguide/param-create-cli.html), or the [Tools for Windows PowerShell](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/latest/userguide/param-create-ps.html) documentation.
```

#### Step 2: Configure your Astro project

> 1. In your `Dockerfile`, add the following lines:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Add the following lines to your `Dockerfile`:
```

    ```dockerfile
    ENV AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND=airflow.providers.amazon.aws.secrets.systems_manager.SystemsManagerParameterStoreBackend
    ENV AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND_KWARGS={"connections_prefix": "/airflow/connections", "variables_prefix": "/airflow/variables",  "role_arn": $AD_PS_ARN, "region_name": $AF_PS_REGION}
    ```

> 2. In your `.env` file, add the following lines:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Add the following lines to your `.env` file:
```

    ```text
    AF_PS_REGION=<your-role-arn>
    AF_PS_REGION=<your-aws-region>
    ```

#### Step 3: Deploy to Astro

1. Run the following command to deploy the contents of your `.env` file directly to your Cloud UI

    ```sh
    astro deployment variable create --deployment-id <your-deployment-id> --load --env .env
    ```

2. Run the following command to deploy your Astro project, including changes to your Dockerfile:

    ```sh
    astro deploy
    ```

Because your AWS IAM role and region are set as Astro environment variables, you can now configure multiple roles and environments to use the same secrets backend without needing to redeploy changes to your Dockerfile.

> To further customize the integration between Airflow and AWS SSM Parameter Store, reference Airflow documentation with the [full list of available kwargs](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow-providers-amazon/stable/_api/airflow/providers/amazon/aws/secrets/systems_manager/index.html).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To further customize the Airflow and AWS SSM Parameter Store integration, see the [full list of available kwargs](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow-providers-amazon/stable/_api/airflow/providers/amazon/aws/secrets/systems_manager/index.html).
```

> - A valid AWS Access Key ID and Secret Access Key.

Reviewer 3: Yes. Parameter Store should also allow this method per the [PR](https://github.com/apache/airflow/pull/25628).

- A [Deployment](create-deployment.md).
- The [Astro CLI](cli/overview.md).

> - An [Astro project](create-project.md) with version 5.1.0+ of `apache-airflow-providers-amazon`. See [Add Python and OS-level packages](develop-projec.mdt#add-python-and-os-level-packages).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- An [Astro project](create-project.md) with `apache-airflow-providers-amazon` version 5.1.0 or later. See [Add Python and OS-level packages](develop-projec.mdt#add-python-and-os-level-packages).
```

- An IAM role with the `SecretsManagerReadWrite` policy that your Astro cluster can assume. See [AWS IAM roles](connect-external-services.md#aws-iam-roles).

#### Step 1: Add Airflow secrets to Secrets Manager

> To start, create an Airflow variable or connection in AWS Secrets Manager that you want to store as a secret. It can be either a real or test value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Create directories for Airflow variables and connections in Parameter Store that you want to store as secrets. You can use real or test values.
```

    ```

- If you use `"connections_prefix": "airflow/connections"`, you must set Airflow connections as:

    ```text
    airflow/connections/<connection-id>
    ```

- The `<connection-id>` is how you will retrieve that connection's URI in a DAG. For example:

    ```python
    conn = BaseHook.get_connection(conn_id="<connection-id>")
    ```

- Be sure to not include a leading `/` at the beginning of your variable or connection name

For more information on adding secrets to Secrets Manager, see [AWS documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/secretsmanager/latest/userguide/manage_create-basic-secret.html).

#### Step 2: Configure your Astro project

1. Add the following lines to your `Dockerfile`:

    ```dockerfile
    ENV AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND=airflow.providers.amazon.aws.secrets.systems_manager.SystemsManagerParameterStoreBackend
    ENV AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND_KWARGS={"connections_prefix": "/airflow/connections", "variables_prefix": "/airflow/variables",  "role_arn": $AD_SB_ARN, "region_name": $AF_SB_REGION}
    ```

2. Add the following lines to your `.env` file:

    ```text

>     AF_SB_ARN=<your-role-arn>
>     AF_SB_REGION=<your-aws-region>

Author: ```suggestion
    AF_SM_ARN=<your-role-arn>
    AF_SM_REGION=<your-aws-region>
```

    ```

> :::caution
> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

> To deploy your project to a hosted Git repository before deploying to Astro, save `<your-role-arn>` and `<your-aws-region>` values securely. When you deploy to Astro, use the Cloud UI to set these values as secrets.
> 
> :::

Author: ```suggestion
```

    ```

- If you use `"connections_prefix": "airflow/connections"`, you must set Airflow connections as:

    ```text
    airflow/connections/<connection-id>
    ```

- The `<connection-id>` is how you will retrieve that connection's URI in a DAG. For example:

    ```python
    conn = BaseHook.get_connection(conn_id="<connection-id>")
    ```

- Be sure to not include a leading `/` at the beginning of your variable or connection name

For more information on adding secrets to Secrets Manager, see [AWS documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/secretsmanager/latest/userguide/manage_create-basic-secret.html).

#### Step 2: Configure your Astro project

1. Add the following lines to your `Dockerfile`:

    ```dockerfile
    ENV AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND=airflow.providers.amazon.aws.secrets.systems_manager.SystemsManagerParameterStoreBackend

>     ENV AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND_KWARGS={"connections_prefix": "/airflow/connections", "variables_prefix": "/airflow/variables",  "role_arn": $AD_SB_ARN, "region_name": $AF_SB_REGION}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ENV AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND_KWARGS={"connections_prefix": "/airflow/connections", "variables_prefix": "/airflow/variables",  "role_arn": $AF_SB_ARN, "region_name": $AF_SB_REGION}
```

Reviewer: Again, variables are named wrong. Can we use a more familiar name too?

Author: Rocco might respond above, but he suggested these names to me because they were unlikely to be utilized by Airflow/ any other software. V open to renaming as long as the name still has that quality.

Reviewer: I have a vendetta for acronyms, especially in variable names - it might save the author 10 seconds, but it takes an extra 10 minutes for each person reading it to understand what it means.

Reviewer: `Explicit is better than implicit.` - The Zen of Python

    ```

2. Add the following lines to your `.env` file:

    ```text
    AF_SB_ARN=<your-role-arn>
    AF_SB_REGION=<your-aws-region>
    ```

:::caution

> To deploy your project to a hosted Git repository before deploying to Astro, save `<your-role-arn>` and `<your-aws-region>` values securely. When you deploy to Astro, use the Cloud UI to set these values as secrets.

Reviewer: Wait are we creating them as secrets? The next step shows them being created as variables.

Author: This note is incorrect. The IAM role / region shouldn't have to be secret because they aren't technically credentials.

Reviewer: @ReadytoRocc can you change this back to variables? Also are we using the GUI or CLI to create them?

    ```

- If you use `"connections_prefix": "airflow/connections"`, you must set Airflow connections as:

    ```text
    airflow/connections/<connection-id>
    ```

- The `<connection-id>` is how you will retrieve that connection's URI in a DAG. For example:

    ```python
    conn = BaseHook.get_connection(conn_id="<connection-id>")
    ```

- Be sure to not include a leading `/` at the beginning of your variable or connection name

For more information on adding secrets to Secrets Manager, see [AWS documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/secretsmanager/latest/userguide/manage_create-basic-secret.html).

#### Step 2: Configure your Astro project

> 1. In your `Dockerfile`, add the following lines:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Add the following lines to your `Dockerfile`:
```

    ```dockerfile
    ENV AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND=airflow.providers.amazon.aws.secrets.systems_manager.SystemsManagerParameterStoreBackend
    ENV AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND_KWARGS={"connections_prefix": "/airflow/connections", "variables_prefix": "/airflow/variables",  "role_arn": $AD_SB_ARN, "region_name": $AF_SB_REGION}
    ```

> 2. In your `.env` file, add the following lines:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Add the following lines to your `.env` file::
```

    ```text
    AF_SB_ARN=<your-role-arn>
    AF_SB_REGION=<your-aws-region>
    ```

:::caution

If you want to deploy your project to a hosted Git repository before deploying to Astro, be sure to save `<your-role-arn>` and `<your-aws-region>` in a secure manner. When you deploy to Astro, use the Cloud UI to set these values as secrets.

:::

#### Step 3: Deploy to Astro

> 1. Run the following command to deploy the contents of your `.env` file directly to your Cloud UI

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Run the following command to deploy the contents of your `.env` file to your Cloud UI
```

    ```sh
    astro deployment variable create --deployment-id <your-deployment-id> --load --env .env
    ```

2. Run the following command to deploy your Astro project, including changes to your Dockerfile:

    ```sh
    astro deploy
    ```

Because your AWS IAM role and region are set as Astro environment variables, you can now configure multiple roles and environments to use the same secrets backend without needing to redeploy changes to your Dockerfile.

> To further customize the integration between Airflow and AWS Secrets Backend, reference Airflow documentation with the [full list of available kwargs](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow-providers-amazon/stable/_api/airflow/providers/amazon/aws/secrets/systems_manager/index.html).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To further customize the Airflow and AWS SSM Parameter Store integration, see the [full list of available kwargs](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow-providers-amazon/stable/_api/airflow/providers/amazon/aws/secrets/systems_manager/index.html).
```

- A [Deployment](create-deployment.md).
- The [Astro CLI](cli/overview.md).

> - An [Astro project](create-project.md) with version 5.1.0+ of `apache-airflow-providers-amazon`. See [AWS IAM roles](connect-external-services.md#aws-iam-roles).

Author: ```suggestion
- An [Astro project](create-project.md) with version 5.1.0+ of `apache-airflow-providers-amazon`. See [Add Python and OS-level packages](develop-projec.mdt#add-python-and-os-level-packages).
```

> - An IAM role with the `SecretsManagerReadWrite` policy that your Astro cluster can assume. See [Creating a role to delegate permissions to an AWS service](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles_create_for-service.html).

Author: Assuming that there's no other IAM setup specific to Secrets Manager

> - An IAM role with the `SecretsManagerReadWrite` policy that your Astro cluster can assume. See [Creating a role to delegate permissions to an AWS service](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles_create_for-service.html).

Author: ```suggestion
- An IAM role with the `SecretsManagerReadWrite` policy that your Astro cluster can assume. See [AWS IAM roles](connect-external-services.md#aws-iam-roles).
```

- A [service account](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/creating-managing-service-accounts) with the [Secret Manager Secret Accessor](https://cloud.google.com/secret-manager/docs/access-control) role on Google Cloud.
- A [JSON service account key](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/creating-managing-service-account-keys#creating_service_account_keys) for the service account.

#### Step 1: Create an Airflow variable or connection in Google Cloud Secret Manager

> To start, create an Airflow variable or connection in Google Cloud Secret Manager that you want to store as a secret. You can do so via the Cloud Console or the gcloud CLI.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the Cloud Console or the gcloud CLI to create an Airflow variable or connection in Google Cloud Secret Manager that you want to store as a secret.
```

Add the following environment variables to your project's `.env` file:

```dockerfile
AWS_DEFAULT_REGION="<your-aws-region>"
AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND=airflow.providers.amazon.aws.secrets.secrets_manager.SecretsManagerBackend

> AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND_KWARGS={"connections_prefix": "airflow/connections", "role_arn": "<your-role-arn>"}

Reviewer 3: We should add `"variables_prefix": "airflow/variables"` back to backend kwargs.

I would also recommend we add `region` as a backend kwarg, and remove `AWS_DEFAULT_REGION` as an env var.

Author: One last question @ReadytoRocc: does `AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND_KWARGS` now need to be stored as a secret because it has the ARN role, or is it ok for that to be exposed?

Reviewer 3: My suggestion would be to store `<your-role-arn>` and `region` as an Env Vars, and reference them in the `AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND_KWARGS` configuration. This will allow developers to specify different roles across Dev, Stage, Prod etc.

Example: `AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND_KWARGS={"connections_prefix": "airflow/connections", "role_arn": $SM_ROLE_ARN}`

Author: Does this formatting look right to you? 

```
ENV AIRFLOW_VAR_AWS_ARN=<your-role-arn>
ENV AIRFLOW_VAR_AWS_REGION=<your-aws-region>
ENV AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND=airflow.providers.amazon.aws.secrets.systems_manager.SystemsManagerParameterStoreBackend
ENV AIRFLOW__SECRETS__BACKEND_KWARGS={"connections_prefix": "/airflow/connections", "variables_prefix": "/airflow/variables",  "role_arn": $AWS_ARN, "region_name": "$AWS_REGION"}
```

Can you reference an Airflow environment variable within an environment variable?

Reviewer 3: @jwitz - I was referring to ENV Vars outside of code, set on [Astro](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/environment-variables).

You should not need the quotes for these e.g. `"region_name": $AWS_REGION`

Reviewer 3: We should also avoid using ENV Var names that could be reference by other utilities. So for example we could use:

- `AF_SB_SM_ROLE_ARN`
- `AF_SB_SM_REGION`
